first implementation toml v1 + flexible variable name (#364)
Deltares/hydromt_wflow: docs/changelog.rst

Added
-----
- **upgrade_to_v1_wflow**: convert models for Wflow.jl version < 1.0.0 to Wflow.jl version 1.
- Allow users to choose the names of each variables in staticmaps.nc files or the same of some of the staticgeoms (eg lakes, reservoirs).
- **setup_areamap**: if the map is linked to a Wflow variable, the TOML file can now be updated to link the new created map to the right Wflow.jl variable.

Changed
-------
- Support for Wflow.jl >= 1.0.0 kernel. The main implication is for the generation of the TOML file. Consequently support for Wflow.jl < 1.0.0 has been dropped (see below).
- **setup_constant_pars**: add the constant value to the TOML rather than creating an extra map in staticmaps.nc. The values should then be linked to the Wflow.jl variable name.

> - **setup_lulcmaps** and equivalents: parameters to prepare from the mapping table are now linked to Wflow.jl varibale names (dictionnary and not list) to allow for renaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **setup_lulcmaps** and equivalents: parameters to prepare from the mapping table are now linked to Wflow.jl variabale names (dictionary and not list) to allow for renaming.
```
